Nev add life at uk (#137)
UKHO/docs: docs/software-engineering-policies/engineering-team.md

# Software Engineering at the UKHO

> We have 8 software engineering teams which develop and support software using the .Net and Java stacks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have eight software engineering teams that develop and support software using the .Net and Java stacks.
```

Everything we do is team based.  We take Agile seriously; your delivery team will be small but will have the people it needs to get things done - developers, testers, product owner and a delivery manager - as well as access to infrastructure specialists, UX experts and analysts. 

Quality is paramount.  You and your team will be supported to do good work.  Most code is done in pairs or larger groups to ensure quality and spread knowledge.  Everyone reviews code and everyone welcomes feedback. 

We strive to automate as much as possible; testing, builds, deployments use the latest tools available.

## Our community

Within this practice, we encourage the formation of other communities to support our interests and our work.

The community of Lead Developers provides technical leadership for the department, recommending tools, technologies and techniques for adoption.  This group contains people with various specialisms and levels of experience who all support each other in their roles.

Our Security Champion community is made up of people interested in application security, and coaches teams to create safer software, as well as increasing their own skills and qualifications.

> We also have a communities of centred around UX, Azure, AWS and .Net.

Reviewer: Is this covering guilds? If so the list could be extended/be more inclusive

> We also have a communities of centred around UX, Azure, AWS and .Net.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We also have a communities of interest centred around UX, Azure, AWS and .Net.
```
